If a coach says I miss practice, and y'all hear it, then that's that. 
I might've missed one practice this year, but if somebody says 'He doesn't come to practice,'
It could be one practice out of all the practices this year, that's enough. 
I told Coach Brown that you don't have to give the people of Philadelphia a reason to think about trading me or anything like that. 
If you trade somebody, you trade them to make the team better...simple as that. 
I'm cool with that. 
I'm all about that. 
The people in Philadelphia deserve to have a winner. 
It's simple as that. 
It goes further than that.
If I can't practice, I can't practice. 
If I'm hurt, I'm hurt. 
Simple as that. 
It's not about that at all. 
But it's easy to talk about and sum it up when you just talk about practice; 
we're sitting here, and I'm supposed to be the franchise player, and we're in here talking about practice. 
I mean, listen, we're talking about practice. 
Not a game! 
Not a game! 
Not a game! 
We're talking about practice. 
Not a game; not the game that I go out there and die for and play every game like it's my last. 
Not the game, we're talking about practice, man. 
I mean, how silly is that? 
We're talking about practice. 
I know I'm supposed to be there, I know I'm supposed to lead by example, I know that. 
And I'm not shoving it aside like it don't mean anything. 
I know it's important. 
I do. 
I honestly do. 
But we're talking about practice, man. 
What are we talking about? 
Practice? 
We're talking about practice, man!
We're talking about practice! 
We're talking about practice... 
We ain't talking about the game! 
We're talking about practice, man! 
When you come to the arena, and you see me play... 
You see me play, don't you?
You see me give everything I got, right?
But we're talking about practice right now!
Look, I hear you. 
It's funny to me too. 
It's strange to me too. 
But we're talking about practice, man. 
We're not even talking about the game, the actual game, when it matters, we're talking about practice.